# How to Contribute?

### Table of content

## Developers tech-tack

#### Compiler
GCC

#### Linter
SonarLint with SonarQube

## Creating issues
When creating an issues you should always strive to use the
provided issue-templates for the repository for the sake of consistency.
* **What should i do when i have created an issue from a template**
  * Fill in all the fields containing brackets ([like this]) in the template. If 
    you don't know what to write in a field, write N/A and explain why you don't know.
    If you leave any brackted fields unmodified (leaving the brackets in the text) the
    issue will be considered invalid.
* **No templates match what im trying to create?**
  * Are you sure you want to create an issue, there
    might be a more suited tool like GH discussions for asking questions?
  * Make a feature request issue about adding a new issue-templates, implement the
    the template and create a PR.

## Commits
Write your commit message in the imperative: "Fix bug" and not "Fixed
bug" or "Fixes bug." This convention matches up with commit messages
generated by commands like git merge and git revert.

A git message is 72 chars max, if your commit is longer than this you have probably
made too many changes for them to be a reasonable commit. This also gives you an idea
of how many changes should be included in a singe commit. One file per commit (probably even
one function changed per commit) is a good heuristic to go by.

## Pull-requests

## Version names
Version names in this project follows the rules of semantic versioning which in summary is:

Given a version number **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**, increment the:
* **MAJOR** version when you make incompatible API changes
* **MINOR** version when you add functionality in a backward compatible manner
* **PATCH** version when you make backward compatible bug fixes
Additional labels for pre-release and build metadata are available as extensions to the **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH** format.

To read more please visit https://semver.org/
